---
draft: false
title: 11-09-2023
sidebarCollapsible: false
sidebar_position: 2
date: 2023-01-10T09:00:00.000+00:00
description: Welcome to the documentation for the beta of Fleek.xyz. Whether you are an expert or an absolute beginner, you'll find your answers here.
category: Documentation
keywords: [services, documentation, getting started]
tags:
- Accounts
- Guide
- Learn
- Fleek
---

In changelog we are introducing the alpha release of the Fleek.xyz platform UI. This is a big milestone for us as it means that we are getting close to sunset the old platform and move all the users to the new one.

### New Features

- Introduced the new UI that we can find in [app.fleek.xyz](https://app.fleek.xyz)
- Introduced the new documentation site that we can find in [docs.fleek.xyz](https://docs.fleek.xyz)
- Introduced the new landing page that we can find in [fleek.xyz](https://fleek.xyz)
- Introduced a whitelist for users in the alpha release of the platform. You can sign up via [app.fleek.xyz](https://app.fleek.xyz)
- Accounts can be created using wallet and email authentication.
- User can create projects.
- Users can invite other users to their projects.
- Users can store files in their projects using IPFS, Filecoin and Arweave.
- Users can configure via the UI private IPFS gateways to serve their content through them.
- Users can configure a custom domain on their private gateways to serve their content through them.
- Users can deploy their sites to IPFS connecting their github account.
- Users can configure a custom domain on their sites via the UI.
- Users can configure ENS domains on their sites via the UI.
- Users can configure environment variables on their sites via the UI.
- Users can configure build settings and deploy context for their sites.
- Users can now deploy sites from templates created by the Fleek team and the community.
- Users can create sites to manage via the CLI.
- Users can set up avatars for their accounts, sites and projects.